Alerting docs: adds silence RBAC 11.1 (#89176)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/configure-roles/index.md

## Manage access using folder permissions

You can extend the access provided by a role to alert rules and rule-specific silences by assigning permissions to individual folders.

This allows different users, teams, or service accounts to have customized access to modify or silence alert rules in specific folders.

> Details on the additional access provided by folder permissions is below.

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#below
```suggestion
Refer to the following table for details on the additional access provided by folder permissions:
```

| Folder permission | Additional Access                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| View              | No additional access: all permissions already contained in Viewer role.                                   |

> | Edit              | Write access to alert rules and their rule-specific silences **only** in the given folder and subfolders. |

Reviewer: Again, this one will break prettier

```suggestion
| Edit              | Write access to alert rules and their rule-specific silences _only_ in the given folder and subfolders. |
```
